Error Analysis Report for Experiment A
========================================

--- Examples of False Positives (Predicted Positive, Was Negative) ---

--- False Positive Example #1 ---
True Label: 0
Predicted Label: 1
Full Text:
its a totally average film with a few semi-alright action sequences that make
the plot seem a little better and remind the viewer of the classic van dam
films. parts of the plot don't make sense and seem to be added in to use up
time. the end plot is that of a very basic type that doesn't leave the viewer
guessing and any twists are obvious from the beginning. the end scene with the
flask backs don't make sense as they are added in and seem to have little
relevance to the history of van dam's character. not really worth watching
again, bit disappointed in the end production, even though it is apparent it was
shot on a low budget certain shots and sections in the film are of poor directed
quality

========================================

--- False Positive Example #2 ---
True Label: 0
Predicted Label: 1
Full Text:
STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday Night *** Friday Morning ** Sunday
Night * Monday Morning <br /><br />Former New Orleans homicide cop Jack
Robideaux (Jean Claude Van Damme) is re-assigned to Columbus, a small but
violent town in Mexico to help the police there with their efforts to stop a
major heroin smuggling operation into their town. The culprits turn out to be
ex-military, lead by former commander Benjamin Meyers (Stephen Lord, otherwise
known as Jase from East Enders) who is using a special method he learned in
Afghanistan to fight off his opponents. But Jack has a more personal reason for
taking him down, that draws the two men into an explosive final showdown where
only one will walk away alive.<br /><br />After Until Death, Van Damme appeared
to be on a high, showing he could make the best straight to video films in the
action market. While that was a far more drama oriented film, with The Shepherd
he has returned to the high-kicking, no brainer action that first made him
famous and has sadly produced his worst film since Derailed. It's nowhere near
as bad as that film, but what I said still stands.<br /><br />A dull,
predictable film, with very little in the way of any exciting action. What
little there is mainly consists of some limp fight scenes, trying to look cool
and trendy with some cheap slo-mo/sped up effects added to them that sadly
instead make them look more desperate. Being a Mexican set film, director Isaac
Florentine has tried to give the film a Robert Rodriguez/Desperado sort of feel,
but this only adds to the desperation.<br /><br />VD gives a particularly
uninspired performance and given he's never been a Robert De Niro sort of actor,
that can't be good. As the villain, Lord shouldn't expect to leave the beeb
anytime soon. He gets little dialogue at the beginning as he struggles to muster
an American accent but gets mysteriously better towards the end. All the
supporting cast are equally bland, and do nothing to raise the films spirits at
all.<br /><br />This is one shepherd that's strayed right from the flock. *

========================================

--- False Positive Example #3 ---
True Label: 0
Predicted Label: 1
Full Text:
Isaac Florentine has made some of the best western Martial Arts action movies
ever produced. In particular US Seals 2, Cold Harvest, Special Forces and
Undisputed 2 are all action classics. You can tell Isaac has a real passion for
the genre and his films are always eventful, creative and sharp affairs, with
some of the best fight sequences an action fan could hope for. In particular he
has found a muse with Scott Adkins, as talented an actor and action performer as
you could hope for. This is borne out with Special Forces and Undisputed 2, but
unfortunately The Shepherd just doesn't live up to their abilities.<br /><br
/>There is no doubt that JCVD looks better here fight-wise than he has done in
years, especially in the fight he has (for pretty much no reason) in a prison
cell, and in the final showdown with Scott, but look in his eyes. JCVD seems to
be dead inside. There's nothing in his eyes at all. It's like he just doesn't
care about anything throughout the whole film. And this is the leading man.<br
/><br />There are other dodgy aspects to the film, script-wise and visually, but
the main problem is that you are utterly unable to empathise with the hero of
the film. A genuine shame as I know we all wanted this film to be as special as
it genuinely could have been. There are some good bits, mostly the action scenes
themselves. This film had a terrific director and action choreographer, and an
awesome opponent for JCVD to face down. This could have been the one to bring
the veteran action star back up to scratch in the balls-out action movie
stakes.<br /><br />Sincerely a shame that this didn't happen.

========================================

--- False Positive Example #4 ---
True Label: 0
Predicted Label: 1
Full Text:
Blind Date (Columbia Pictures, 1934), was a decent film, but I have a few issues
with this film. First of all, I don't fault the actors in this film at all, but
more or less, I have a problem with the script. Also, I understand that this
film was made in the 1930's and people were looking to escape reality, but the
script made Ann Sothern's character look weak. She kept going back and forth
between suitors and I felt as though she should have stayed with Paul Kelly's
character in the end. He truly did care about her and her family and would have
done anything for her and he did by giving her up in the end to fickle Neil
Hamilton who in my opinion was only out for a good time. Paul Kelly's character,
although a workaholic was a man of integrity and truly loved Kitty (Ann Sothern)
as opposed to Neil Hamilton, while he did like her a lot, I didn't see the depth
of love that he had for her character. The production values were great, but the
script could have used a little work.

========================================

--- False Positive Example #5 ---
True Label: 0
Predicted Label: 1
Full Text:
A group of heirs to a mysterious old mansion find out that they have to live in
it as part of a clause in the will or be disinherited, but they soon find out of
its history of everybody whom had lived there before them having either died in
weird accidents or having had killed each other.<br /><br />You've seen it all
before, and this one is too low-budget and slow paced to be scary, and doesn't
have any real surprises in the climax. No special effects or gore to speak of,
in fact the only really amusing thing about the whole film is the quality of the
English dubbing, which at times is as bad as a cheap martial arts movie.<br
/><br />3 out of 10, pretty low in the pecking order of 80's haunted house
movies.

========================================

--- Examples of False Negatives (Predicted Negative, Was Positive) ---

--- False Negative Example #1 ---
True Label: 1
Predicted Label: 0
Full Text:
Previous reviewer Claudio Carvalho gave a much better recap of the film's plot
details than I could. What I recall mostly is that it was just so beautiful, in
every sense - emotionally, visually, editorially - just gorgeous.<br /><br />If
you like movies that are wonderful to look at, and also have emotional content
to which that beauty is relevant, I think you will be glad to have seen this
extraordinary and unusual work of art.<br /><br />On a scale of 1 to 10, I'd
give it about an 8.75. The only reason I shy away from 9 is that it is a mood
piece. If you are in the mood for a really artistic, very romantic film, then
it's a 10. I definitely think it's a must-see, but none of us can be in that
mood all the time, so, overall, 8.75.

========================================

--- False Negative Example #2 ---
True Label: 1
Predicted Label: 0
Full Text:
Overall, a well done movie. There were the parts that made me wince, and there
were the parts that I threw my hands up at, but I came away with something more
than I gone in with.<br /><br />I think the movie suffers from some serious
excess ambition. Without spoiling it, let me say that the obvious references to
the trial by fire in Ramayana, is way beyond what this movie stands for. The
Ramayana is an epic. Not a 200 page book that puts down women in India. The
movie is about two girls married into a very distinctive Indian family. While
the basic tenets of the "unwritten laws of the family tradition" seem to be that
of conservative India, let me assure my reader that I (having lived in Delhi for
12 years) found entire parts that just did not ring those bells. I mean some
things and some actions are very true, but some other stuff is just way off the
mark. Especially today.<br /><br />Delhi is complicated. India is complicated.
The director tries to simplify both. And fails pretty miserably at that.<br
/><br />Why in English? Can you imagine a movie about American Indians in
English. Or the French speaking in English. Seriously jarring. Even the servant
spoke in fluent accented English (albeit with a hint of colloquialisms in the
language for "believability").<br /><br />But the chemistry between the leads is
palpable. If you like it hot, this is a movie for you. I think that is the
biggest saving grace - the development of a true real life love story.<br /><br
/>If this film was about Radha and Sita, then it would have got full marks from
me. And in being about them, it could have made a subtle statement. But this
movie goes out there to say this is what India is, and this is what Indian
society is like. And in that respect it succeeds as much as it fails. Just take
everything you see with a pinch of salt. The dark secrets of India are not being
revealed. Just two girls are falling in love. Just like it happens everywhere
else.

========================================

--- False Negative Example #3 ---
True Label: 1
Predicted Label: 0
Full Text:
Now I do understand that this film was not meant as an indictment against all
Indians but it is an amazing film because it dares to investigate the hypocrisy
that some Indians have concerning their women and sexuality. I have known for
some time that sexism is very common in this society (with women being murdered
because the husband's family doesn't want them any more after his death or
because she had a small dowry as well as the frequent killing of female fetuses
because they are seen as a curse instead of a blessing). I also realize that
some from this culture will be greatly offended by the film, but the bottom line
is that there is some truth to the subject matter--even if the film was so
strongly attacked when it debuted in India a decade ago. As a result of the
extreme misogyny in the movie, most Western audience members will be shocked or
at least be emotionally pulled into the plight of the ladies in this film.<br
/><br />Although I am a male, am not rabidly feminist and I am straight, the
film had a strong positive impact on me and it is NOT an agenda film that can
only be enjoyed by Lesbians and "man haters". In fact, I don't think the film is
promoting hatred of men or homosexuality but instead gives a credibly argument
how in the case of these two ladies it was the only reasonable alternative due
to their wicked husbands. Yes, I use the word "wicked" and mean it, as both
husbands living in this large household are intensely selfish and have no regard
for their spouses' sexuality. In many traditional societies this is indeed the
case and women are doomed to an empty emotional existence.<br /><br />One
husband married a vivacious young woman, Sita, out of family obligation. This
arranged marriage is uncomfortable for them both but in the beginning Sita makes
an attempt to connect with her sullen husband. However, he sees himself as a
victim and could have cared less about Sita--and he continues to have an affair
with a liberal-minded Chinese lady. To make matters worse, he did nothing to
hide the affair and made no apologies. In their dead marriage, sex was purely
meant to produce children and there was no way Sita could have any of her sexual
or emotional needs met. And unfortunately, he could have cared less.<br /><br
/>Another husband was married to a lady who was infertile (Radha). Oddly, after
initially trying to have children, they have gone the next 13 years without any
sexual contact whatsoever! It's because this man has decided to become an
ascetic (i.e., in Hinduism, a person who gives up the pleasures of the world to
gain inner enlightenment). Now his wanting to do this was all well and good IF
he was not already married and had obligations for his wife. However, being
married, this was an incredibly selfish act and like his brother, he assumed his
wife had no sexual feelings nor did he seem to care. The closest he would allow
her to him sexually was to sleep next to him--as having her next to him helped
teach himself to "overcome the desires of the flesh". This must have brought
nothing but frustration to her.<br /><br />So, you've got two neglected and
normal women living in the same household who long for emotional connection as
well as an outlet for their sexual needs. Eventually, these needs bring these
sister-in-laws together--at first, just emotionally but later sexually as well.
The movie was brilliant how it got me to look at and understand how in some
cases homosexuality is inevitable and even healthy compared to a life of
emotional desolation.<br /><br />Late in the film, when the intensity of their
sexual relationship is discovered, it leads to a not totally unexpected reaction
from Radha's "enlightened" husband--a man who seeks religious insight and peace
yet is so wrapped up in himself that true insight and growth is impossible.<br
/><br />This is a very challenging and adult film. While there is very little
nudity, the subject matter is very adult and this is not a film to show your
kids. Very disturbing indeed is one minor character who masturbates in front of
an old paralyzed lady--as I said, this is NOT a film to let your kids watch.
However, for a mature audience, this is an excellent and highly erotic film that
will get you to think.<br /><br />The film features good acting, complex
characters, excellent writing, lovely mood music and a slow pace that might
annoy some, but which I found rewarding. The only serious negative I cannot
blame on the movie itself but on the idiots who released this on videotape. This
is because although the movie is in English, the accents are quite strong at
times and it's not always easy to understand what's being said. BUT, and this is
the worst part, there are no closed or open captions--including them is a must
for Western audiences. If you do watch this film, see if you can find it on DVD
or hopefully a newer release on video will have captioning--mine sure didn't.<br
/><br />By the way, director Deepa Mehta (a popular female director) has made
several other wonderful films such as EARTH and BOLLYWOOD/Hollywood. A
consistent theme in her films is the conflict between traditional Indian culture
and expectations and Westernism--with a strong emphasis on female characters.
Not surprisingly, this West-thinking lady makes her home in Canada and is
divorced--a truly unusual woman to say the least. For a similar film that
explores traditional culture meets Western culture, try another Canadian gem,
EAT DRINK MAN WOMAN.

========================================

--- False Negative Example #4 ---
True Label: 1
Predicted Label: 0
Full Text:
I admire Deepa Mehta and this movie is a masterpiece. I'd recommend to buy this
movie on DVD because it's a movie you might want to watch more often than just
once. And trust me, you'd still find little meaningful details after watching it
several times.<br /><br />The characters - except for the grandmother perhaps -
are all very balanced, no black and white. Even though you follow the story from
the perspective of the two protagonists, there is also empathy for the other
characters.<br /><br />I think the IMDb rating for the movie is far too low -
probably due to its politically controversial content.

========================================

--- False Negative Example #5 ---
True Label: 1
Predicted Label: 0
Full Text:
The movie is really about choices. In the oppressed state of affairs as seen in
Fire, where good women had to be obedient and do what was correct in the eyes of
tradition, there seemed few options for Radha and Sita. However, granted that it
was not their only option. What is life without desire, Radha questions Ashok.
Yes, it's true that life provides us with a number of options but how many we
can take depends on a number of external factors. When your world is confined to
a small Indian household, being a dutiful daughter-in-law to a silent but
observant still powerful matriarch, a dutiful wife of 13 years to a man who has
taken a vow of celibacy due to your not being able to have a child, a man who
only wants you lying next to him to prove his strength in eliminating his
desires. I felt the ladies had little choice but to find solace in each other's
company. I guess the fact that so many women applauded Ms Mehta's work, was
because it provided them with an option to think for themselves. An option to do
what was perhaps unacceptable. The lesbian scenes I felt was merely to put that
point across. Every scene in the movie from the first at the Taj Mahal to the
last at the Mosque, is etched in my mind. How frustrating to be a prisoner of
your feelings and desires. To feel that you had to forgo the human touch to be a
dutiful wife just because it is expected of you. To have to suppress any desire
you might have and to crave for the human touch. What then is the meaning of our
existence one wonders. In the scene where Sita is crying alone in the room and
Radha comes in to comfort her, their lips accidentally brush against each others
and it awakens a feeling in them. Something they have both been deprived of.<br
/><br />Bravo to Ms Mehta in translating her vision so clearly. I especially
like the flashbacks to the young Radha trying to 'see' for the ocean. It is a
metaphor for freedom. Freedom to choose, freedom to transport ourselves to
places we would normally be unable to reach. In those scenes, it is gently told
to us that her sense of duty has also been passed down from her mother who I
assume lives within the rich Indian traditions of duty in marriage. The movie is
beautifully filmed and enhanced by the musical score by A.R. Rahman. Since the
film, I have become ardent fans of the two lead actresses and the director. I
look forward to more of Ms Deepa's future productions.

========================================

