Error Analysis Report for Experiment A
========================================

--- Examples of False Positives (Predicted Positive, Was Negative) ---

--- False Positive Example #1 ---
True Label: 0
Predicted Label: 1
Full Text:
First off let me say, If you haven't enjoyed a Van Damme movie since bloodsport,
you probably will not like this movie. Most of these movies may not have the
best plots or best actors but I enjoy these kinds of movies for what they are.
This movie is much better than any of the movies the other action guys (Segal
and Dolph) have thought about putting out the past few years. Van Damme is good
in the movie, the movie is only worth watching to Van Damme fans. It is not as
good as Wake of Death (which i highly recommend to anyone of likes Van Damme) or
In hell but, in my opinion it's worth watching. It has the same type of feel to
it as Nowhere to Run. Good fun stuff!

========================================

--- False Positive Example #2 ---
True Label: 0
Predicted Label: 1
Full Text:
Isaac Florentine has made some of the best western Martial Arts action movies
ever produced. In particular US Seals 2, Cold Harvest, Special Forces and
Undisputed 2 are all action classics. You can tell Isaac has a real passion for
the genre and his films are always eventful, creative and sharp affairs, with
some of the best fight sequences an action fan could hope for. In particular he
has found a muse with Scott Adkins, as talented an actor and action performer as
you could hope for. This is borne out with Special Forces and Undisputed 2, but
unfortunately The Shepherd just doesn't live up to their abilities.<br /><br
/>There is no doubt that JCVD looks better here fight-wise than he has done in
years, especially in the fight he has (for pretty much no reason) in a prison
cell, and in the final showdown with Scott, but look in his eyes. JCVD seems to
be dead inside. There's nothing in his eyes at all. It's like he just doesn't
care about anything throughout the whole film. And this is the leading man.<br
/><br />There are other dodgy aspects to the film, script-wise and visually, but
the main problem is that you are utterly unable to empathise with the hero of
the film. A genuine shame as I know we all wanted this film to be as special as
it genuinely could have been. There are some good bits, mostly the action scenes
themselves. This film had a terrific director and action choreographer, and an
awesome opponent for JCVD to face down. This could have been the one to bring
the veteran action star back up to scratch in the balls-out action movie
stakes.<br /><br />Sincerely a shame that this didn't happen.

========================================

--- False Positive Example #3 ---
True Label: 0
Predicted Label: 1
Full Text:
Blind Date (Columbia Pictures, 1934), was a decent film, but I have a few issues
with this film. First of all, I don't fault the actors in this film at all, but
more or less, I have a problem with the script. Also, I understand that this
film was made in the 1930's and people were looking to escape reality, but the
script made Ann Sothern's character look weak. She kept going back and forth
between suitors and I felt as though she should have stayed with Paul Kelly's
character in the end. He truly did care about her and her family and would have
done anything for her and he did by giving her up in the end to fickle Neil
Hamilton who in my opinion was only out for a good time. Paul Kelly's character,
although a workaholic was a man of integrity and truly loved Kitty (Ann Sothern)
as opposed to Neil Hamilton, while he did like her a lot, I didn't see the depth
of love that he had for her character. The production values were great, but the
script could have used a little work.

========================================

--- False Positive Example #4 ---
True Label: 0
Predicted Label: 1
Full Text:
Ben, (Rupert Grint), is a deeply unhappy adolescent, the son of his unhappily
married parents. His father, (Nicholas Farrell), is a vicar and his mother,
(Laura Linney), is ... well, let's just say she's a somewhat hypocritical
soldier in Jesus' army. It's only when he takes a summer job as an assistant to
a foul-mouthed, eccentric, once-famous and now-forgotten actress Evie Walton,
(Julie Walters), that he finally finds himself in true 'Harold and Maude'
fashion. Of course, Evie is deeply unhappy herself and it's only when these two
sad sacks find each other that they can put their mutual misery aside and hit
the road to happiness.<br /><br />Of course it's corny and sentimental and very
predictable but it has a hard side to it, too and Walters, who could sleep-walk
her way through this sort of thing if she wanted, is excellent. It's when she
puts the craziness to one side and finds the pathos in the character, (like
hitting the bottle and throwing up in the sink), that she's at her best. The
problem is she's the only interesting character in the film (and it's not
because of the script which doesn't do anybody any favours). Grint, on the other
hand, isn't just unhappy; he's a bit of a bore as well while Linney's starched
bitch is completely one-dimensional. (Still, she's got the English accent off
pat). The best that can be said for it is that it's mildly enjoyable - with the
emphasis on the mildly.

========================================

--- False Positive Example #5 ---
True Label: 0
Predicted Label: 1
Full Text:
Dr Stephens (Micheal Harvey) runs a mental asylum. He has a different approach
to the insane. He conducts unorthodox methods of treatment. He treats everyone
like family, there are no locks on the patients doors and he lets some of the
inmates act out their twisted fantasies. He lets Sergeant Jaffee (Hugh Feagin)
dress and act as a soldier and Harriet (Camilla Carr) be a mother to a doll,
including letting her put it to bed in a cot. Dr. Stevens is outside letting
Judge Oliver W. Cameron (Gene Ross) chop a log up with an axe, it turns out to
be a bad move as once Dr. Stevens back is turned the Judge plants the axe in his
shoulder. Soon after Nurse Charlotte Beale (Rosie Holotik) arrives at the
Sanitarium having arranged an interview with Dr. Stevens about a possible job.
She is met by the head Nurse, Geraldine Masters (Annabelle Weenick as Anne
McAdams) and is offered a trail position. She gets to know and becomes well
liked among the patients. However things eventually start to turn sour, the
phone lines are cut, an old lady named Mrs. Callingham (Rhea MacAdams) has her
tongue cut out and she starts to get a strange feeling that things just aren't
right somehow. Then, one night all the Sanitariums dark secrets are violently
revealed. Produced and directed by S.f. Brownrigg this film has a great central
idea which builds into a cool twist ending, but ultimately is a bit of a chore
to sit through because of it's low budget restrictions and a rather slow script
by Tim Pope. There are just too many long boring stretches of dialogue by the
inmates, not a lot really happens until the final twenty odd minutes. The film
has no real visual quality as it's set entirely in the Sanitarium and it's
grounds which is basically just a big bland house in the middle of nowhere.
There's no graphic gore in it, a few splashes of blood here and there and thats
yer lot. There's a bit of nudity, but like the gore not much. The acting is
pretty strong, especially Holotik and Weenick. The photography is flat and
unexciting and I can't even remember what the music was like. The twist ending
is great, but it just takes far too long to get to it. A film that had a lot of
potential that was probably held back by it's budget. OK I guess, but I think it
would have worked a lot better if the story had been turned into a half an hour
'Tales form the Crypt' episode.

========================================

--- Examples of False Negatives (Predicted Negative, Was Positive) ---

--- False Negative Example #1 ---
True Label: 1
Predicted Label: 0
Full Text:
Overall, a well done movie. There were the parts that made me wince, and there
were the parts that I threw my hands up at, but I came away with something more
than I gone in with.<br /><br />I think the movie suffers from some serious
excess ambition. Without spoiling it, let me say that the obvious references to
the trial by fire in Ramayana, is way beyond what this movie stands for. The
Ramayana is an epic. Not a 200 page book that puts down women in India. The
movie is about two girls married into a very distinctive Indian family. While
the basic tenets of the "unwritten laws of the family tradition" seem to be that
of conservative India, let me assure my reader that I (having lived in Delhi for
12 years) found entire parts that just did not ring those bells. I mean some
things and some actions are very true, but some other stuff is just way off the
mark. Especially today.<br /><br />Delhi is complicated. India is complicated.
The director tries to simplify both. And fails pretty miserably at that.<br
/><br />Why in English? Can you imagine a movie about American Indians in
English. Or the French speaking in English. Seriously jarring. Even the servant
spoke in fluent accented English (albeit with a hint of colloquialisms in the
language for "believability").<br /><br />But the chemistry between the leads is
palpable. If you like it hot, this is a movie for you. I think that is the
biggest saving grace - the development of a true real life love story.<br /><br
/>If this film was about Radha and Sita, then it would have got full marks from
me. And in being about them, it could have made a subtle statement. But this
movie goes out there to say this is what India is, and this is what Indian
society is like. And in that respect it succeeds as much as it fails. Just take
everything you see with a pinch of salt. The dark secrets of India are not being
revealed. Just two girls are falling in love. Just like it happens everywhere
else.

========================================

--- False Negative Example #2 ---
True Label: 1
Predicted Label: 0
Full Text:
The theme is controversial and the depiction of the hypocritical and sexually
starved india is excellent.Nothing more to this film.There is a lack of good
dialogues(why was the movie in english??). There was lack of continuity and lack
of passion/emotion in the acting.

========================================

--- False Negative Example #3 ---
True Label: 1
Predicted Label: 0
Full Text:
The movie is really about choices. In the oppressed state of affairs as seen in
Fire, where good women had to be obedient and do what was correct in the eyes of
tradition, there seemed few options for Radha and Sita. However, granted that it
was not their only option. What is life without desire, Radha questions Ashok.
Yes, it's true that life provides us with a number of options but how many we
can take depends on a number of external factors. When your world is confined to
a small Indian household, being a dutiful daughter-in-law to a silent but
observant still powerful matriarch, a dutiful wife of 13 years to a man who has
taken a vow of celibacy due to your not being able to have a child, a man who
only wants you lying next to him to prove his strength in eliminating his
desires. I felt the ladies had little choice but to find solace in each other's
company. I guess the fact that so many women applauded Ms Mehta's work, was
because it provided them with an option to think for themselves. An option to do
what was perhaps unacceptable. The lesbian scenes I felt was merely to put that
point across. Every scene in the movie from the first at the Taj Mahal to the
last at the Mosque, is etched in my mind. How frustrating to be a prisoner of
your feelings and desires. To feel that you had to forgo the human touch to be a
dutiful wife just because it is expected of you. To have to suppress any desire
you might have and to crave for the human touch. What then is the meaning of our
existence one wonders. In the scene where Sita is crying alone in the room and
Radha comes in to comfort her, their lips accidentally brush against each others
and it awakens a feeling in them. Something they have both been deprived of.<br
/><br />Bravo to Ms Mehta in translating her vision so clearly. I especially
like the flashbacks to the young Radha trying to 'see' for the ocean. It is a
metaphor for freedom. Freedom to choose, freedom to transport ourselves to
places we would normally be unable to reach. In those scenes, it is gently told
to us that her sense of duty has also been passed down from her mother who I
assume lives within the rich Indian traditions of duty in marriage. The movie is
beautifully filmed and enhanced by the musical score by A.R. Rahman. Since the
film, I have become ardent fans of the two lead actresses and the director. I
look forward to more of Ms Deepa's future productions.

========================================

--- False Negative Example #4 ---
True Label: 1
Predicted Label: 0
Full Text:
Although Bullet In The Brain is, without question, superior amongst short films,
it largely seems more like a short piece of writing than a film. And it is a
little hard to feel too sorry for the teacher when his smart ass remarks get him
shot. But after the bullet enters his brain we begin to understand a little bit
about why he became so jaded with life in the first place. There is an awful
amount of detail packed into this reasonably short film and this is what makes
me feel that it should have been extended a little bit - it seems like there's
almost too much to take in at once as the details come flying at you so fast. A
slightly more relaxed pace and a less po-faced narrator in the final section
would have benefitted this film a little bit. Despite these complaints, there is
no denying that Bullet In The Brain is a quite stupendous work compared to many
short, and even full length films. The makers should be applauded for trying to
make such a basically emotional and literate film in the current climate of
quick jokes and Hollywood action.

========================================

--- False Negative Example #5 ---
True Label: 1
Predicted Label: 0
Full Text:
This movie was everything but boring. It deals with reality. To the people who
think this movie was boring, open your eyes to the real problems in our society.
Our children are dying. The consequences of alcohol and drug abuse are not to be
ignored. I work in a correctional facility as a chemical dependency
counselor,and i deal with these problems every day. People of all ages and all
walks of life are effected by the consequences of their alcohol and drug abuse.
It destroys families, hurts people and leads to serious brain damage,all kinds
of health problems, and death. It is all preventable. This movie should be shown
in every high-school in the world. If anyone owns this movie and wants to sell
it, or sell me a copy, please e-mail me at: Ottenbreit2@netzero.net thank you

========================================

